[Music]
oh no no no Oh mother you're disgusting
know how it works
[Music]
our neighbors have put up these awesome
bubbles in their tree at the zoo
[Music]
[Applause]
yes nearly ten o'clock and I wanted to
get to bed by 9:00 so that's not great
but oh actually I think I'm going to get
bed now and then I will do this in the
morning but I'm just about to put
together a stocking for my friend Ruby
who which I will then be sending off in
the morning when I go to the post office
so I did manage to get round which was
only these which shower basically some
study planners force and friends online
I'm getting at to bed now thank you so
much for watching this video I hope that
you enjoyed it and I hope that you have
a productive week